Försäkringskassan (#7)
hack-for-sweden/open-data-examples: README.md

## Wikidata.org - Get info from the Wikipedia project
Wikidata provides machine readable data from the Wikipedia project, licenced under a Creative Commons "No rights reserved" licence called [CC-0](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/).

- [wikidata-org.ipynb](wikidata-org.ipynb) - added by [salgo60](https://github.com/salgo60) along with this [video](https://youtu.be/HrfQioXjGZE)

## Försäkringskassan - Get statistics

> With his API you get statics, for more details [read this](https://oppnadata.se/datamangd/#esc_entry=4778&esc_context=547).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From this API you get summarizing statistics of the registered stress related diseases that Försäkringskassan is compensating. The information is described on a county and municipality level on a quarterly basis.

For more details, see the [reference documentation](https://oppnadata.se/datamangd/#esc_entry=4778&esc_context=547).
```
